Didn’t you say
if I agreed to resign
you would marry me?
What?
Having second thoughts now?
Right now
I don’t have the headspace to think about this
My mom is planning to groom me
as the heir to the company
I’m trying hard to perform well
Your mom wants to hand over the company to you?
Marrying Su Man
only helps you keep this job
But being with Ye Qi Luo
means practically owning
the whole Xiang Jie Group
How is that possible?
I just think the 20th
is a bit
sudden
Ye Ci’s been in prison for 7 years already
Still not enough prep time for you?
What do you mean by that?
Need me to remind you?
The accident 7 years ago
I’m the only witness
The only one who can get the case...
reopened
You’re threatening me?
Don’t think I don’t know
what you’re thinking
Eating from your bowl
while eyeing the pot
That’s how you end up in jail
Fine
Why wouldn’t I marry you?
I just thought...
Planning a wedding
takes a lot of time
I was worried it’d tire you out
You’d better...
Fine, the 20th it is
Let’s just go with what I say, okay?
What are you doing here?
Of course, to hand out wedding invites
On the 20th of this month
Xiao Jian and I
will hold our wedding at Century Hotel
Will you come?